README.md, before:

## lmproof - Language Model Proof Reader

Library to do proof-reading corrections for Grammatical Errors, spelling errors, confused word errors and other errors using pre-trained Language Models.

## Usage
Install spacy model by `python -m spacy download en`.
Then try out this snippet.

``` python
import lmproof
proof_reader = lmproof.load("en")
source = "The foxes living on the Shire is brown.'"
corrected = proof_reader.proofread(source) # "The foxes living in the Shire are brown."
```

## How it works?

We use the language model based scoring approach mentioned in [Christopher Bryant and Ted Briscoe. 2018](http://aclweb.org/anthology/W18-0529) with few changes.

Unlike many approaches to GEC, this approach does NOT require annotated training data and mainly depends on a monolingual language model. The program works by iteratively comparing certain words in a text against alternative candidates and applying a correction if one of these candidates is more probable than the original word. These correction candidates are variously generated by a word inflection library or are otherwise defined manually. Currently, this system only corrects:

    Non-words (e.g. freind and informations)
    Morphology (e.g. eat, ate, eaten, eating, etc.)
    Common Determiners and Prepositions (e.g. the, a, in, at, to, etc.)
    Commonly Confused Words (e.g. bear/bare, lose/loose, etc.)

This work builds upon https://github.com/chrisjbryant/lmgec-lite/

## Components

### Language Models
* [transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers)
### Inflection generators
* [LemmInflect](https://github.com/bjascob/LemmInflect) is used to lemmatize and generate inflections for candidate proposals to the language model.
### Spell Checker
* [symspellpy](https://github.com/mammothb/symspellpy) is used for obtaining spell check candidates.

The components are highly modularised to facilitate experimentation with newer scorers and support more languages.
Pre-trained language models for other languages, inflectors, common error patterns can be easily added to support more languages.

## TODOs

* Use edits in existing GEC corpus to generate candidates.
* Tests
* Publish benchmarks of the model.
* Think of simple ways to generate insertion candidates.
* Add more languages.

Commit message:

Make scorer and generator implementation dependencies optional.

README.md, after:

## lmproof - Language Model Proof Reader

Library to do proof-reading corrections for Grammatical Errors, spelling errors, confused word errors and other errors using pre-trained Language Models.

## Usage
Install the library with `pip install lmproof[all]` to obtain all the dependencies needed for default implementation.
Download the spacy model by `python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm`.
Then try out this snippet.

``` python
import lmproof
proof_reader = lmproof.load("en")
source = "The foxes living on the Shire is brown.'"
corrected = proof_reader.proofread(source) # "The foxes living in the Shire are brown."
```

## How it works?

We use the language model based scoring approach mentioned in [Christopher Bryant and Ted Briscoe. 2018](http://aclweb.org/anthology/W18-0529) with few changes.

Unlike many approaches to GEC, this approach does NOT require annotated training data and mainly depends on a monolingual language model. The program works by iteratively comparing certain words in a text against alternative candidates and applying a correction if one of these candidates is more probable than the original word. These correction candidates are variously generated by a word inflection library or are otherwise defined manually. Currently, this system only corrects:

    Non-words (e.g. freind and informations)
    Morphology (e.g. eat, ate, eaten, eating, etc.)
    Common Determiners and Prepositions (e.g. the, a, in, at, to, etc.)
    Commonly Confused Words (e.g. bear/bare, lose/loose, etc.)

This work builds upon https://github.com/chrisjbryant/lmgec-lite/

## Components

### Language Models
* [transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers)
### Inflection generators
* [LemmInflect](https://github.com/bjascob/LemmInflect) is used to lemmatize and generate inflections for candidate proposals to the language model.
### Spell Checker
* [symspellpy](https://github.com/mammothb/symspellpy) is used for obtaining spell check candidates.

The components are highly modularised to facilitate experimentation with newer scorers and support more languages.
Pre-trained language models for other languages, inflectors, common error patterns can be easily added to support more languages.

## TODOs

* Use edits in existing GEC corpus to generate candidates.
* Tests
* Publish benchmarks of the model.
* Think of simple ways to generate insertion candidates.
* Add more languages.
